(ROULETI'E WHEEL SPINNING)
(PEOPLE CHA'I'I'ERING INDISTINCT LY)
(ROULETI'E BALL LANDS)
(CROUPIER SPEAKING CANTONESE)
(INDISTINCT CHA'I'I'ER CONTINUES)
(MAN SINGING IN CANTONESE)
Hey-
I'm gonna need a marker.
(CLERK SPEAKING INDISTINCT LY)
Did you hear me?
I said I need a marker.
What's the trouble here?
- Jack Damon.
- Bill O'Hara.
Jesus.
What the hell are you doing here?
I heard you left the force
to ride with the Pinkertons
out in Chicago.
It's too fucking cold out there.
I came back to San Francisco
in the fall.
Flannagan didn't have
a slot for me,
so I ended up here.
You work here?
Fung Hai gold shines
as bright as anyone's.
Well, um,
can you get them to stake me?
Sure. How's about 50?
Yeah, 50's good.
-(SPEAKS CANTONESE)
-(KNOCKS ON TABLE)
(CHIPS CLICKING)
Good luck, Bill.
(CHA'I'I'ER CONTINUES)
(ROULETI'E WHEEL SPINNING)
(CROUPIER SPEAKING CANTONESE)
Yeah! Come on!
Sorry, fellas.
Sometimes it's just
not your night.
Nice pile.
Believe me, I was due.
(CROUPIER SPEAKING CANTONESE)
You know, now might be
the right time to cash out.
Go home with your pockets full.
And that is exactly
what I'm gonna do
just as soon
as this action cools.
Let's go. Keep it spinning.
- Okay, Bill.
-(ROULE'|'|'E WHEEL SPINNING)
(CROUPIER SPEAKING CANTONESE)
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
(ALL GROAN)
(CROUPIER SPEAKING CANTONESE)
I think I'm done.
- Rough night?
- Table's rigged.
Spoken like a true gambler.
Come on, I'll walk you out.
- I'm good for my marker.
- I know you are, Bill.
(O'HARA GRUNTING)
(couemwe)
(RAGGED BREATHING)
DAMON: Short breaths, Bill.
Easy, now.
Let me tell you something
about the Fung Hai.
They believe they're direct
descendants of Genghis Khan.
You know the Mongols, right?
Biggest empire in the history.
Anyway, the Mongols.
They came riding out
of the plains like demons.
Pillaging whole cities.
Now the Chinese, they need
to understand their enemy, right?
So the Emperor sends
his scouts out
to the Mongolian plains,
and they get out there,
and in the distance,
they see this
white mountain rising up
where no mountain should be.
They get closer
to this mountain,
and do you know what they find?
Bones.
An entire mountain of bones.
Hundreds of thousands
of skeletons
just rotting on a fucking pile.
That's when they understood
who they were dealing with...
(O'HARA PANTING)
Who you're dealing with.
- The Fung Hai had a problem.
-(COUGHS)
When a chink gambler owes them,
they can break his legs,
threaten his family, but...
what are they supposed to do
when an Irishman runs up a debt
and then runs back
down the hill
when it comes time to pay?
That's where old Damon
comes In.
See, I can go where they can't,
make an example of someone,
make sure everyone knows
the toll.
Not even a cop escapes
a Fung Hai debt.
How do you live with yourself,
being a stick boy for the chinks?
(couemwe)
I take no pleasure in it, Bill.
But I vouched for you in there,
so you're going to pay up.
Standard window is two weeks.
I'll give you
the policeman's special.
Three weeks.
And after that...
You're taking a trip
to the white mountain.
Fuck you, Damon.
Three weeks, Bill.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
MAN 1: Morning, Ah Sahm.
MAN 1: Morning.
MAN 2: Morning, Ah Sahm.
MAN 3: Hey, about time!
- How's it feel?
- It only hurts when I breathe.
(CHUCKLES AND SIGHS)
(GROANS)
And sit.
-(ALL CHUCKLE)
-(GROANS)
BOLOI You think that's bad?
Look at this.
I always carry it with me.
Reminds me of where I've been.
What is it?
It's a railroad spike.
Bolo used to work
on the Transcontinental.
You were a coolie?
Utah.
Hot as hell in the summer.
Cold as fuck in the winter.
It didn't take long for the ducks
to find a better use for him.
You're talking to a legend, man.
About ten years ago,
word spread
of a giant Chinaman fig/717779
on the Transcon circuit
(BOTH GRUNTING)
There was no one
he cou/o’n ’t take down.
They called him "The Yellow Demon."
(LAUGHING)
Shut the fuck up, Baby Jun.
"The Yellow Demon"?
My father had to see it
for himself,
so he traveled
a// the way to Utah
to get a better look
at this so-ca/ieo’ o'emon.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(CROWD GROANING)
(BOLD YELLs)
(CROWD CHEERING)
(YELLS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
YOUNG JUN ’C It was just another game
for the boreo’ white fucks to bet on.
(CROWD CHANTING)
(BOTH YELLING)
-(SHOUTING)
-(BONE CRACKS)
They paid the ﬁghters
double for /(/7/5,
and The Yellow Demon
always got that bonus.
My father
couldn't stand
the thought of some duck
getting rich off Bolo's back,
so he bought him.
What do you mean, "bought him"?
Like a hat? (CHUCKLES)
BOLO: Don't kid yourself.
Father Jun owns your onion ass,
just like he owns the rest of us.
Come on, you look like shit.
I've got something
that will help with that.
(PEOPLE CHA'I'I'ERING INDISTINCT LY)
(GROANS)
One of these days,
you and I should go a few rounds...
See what's what.
Fight The Yellow Demon?
Do I look crazy?
(PEOPLE CHA'I'I'ERING INDISTINCT LY)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
Ten-hut.
Mr. Deputy Mayor. Good morning.
Chief Flannagan,
I know you're a busy man,
so I'll get right to it.
I am sure you were
as disappointed as I was
in the judge's decision
to cut loose the highbinder
your men arrested.
It was a fucking travesty,
is what it was.
As you can imagine, we have
a very angry constituency
demanding justice.
NO doubt.
Chief, you've been at it a long time.
25 years.
My point is, a man
of your experience knows
that from time to time,
our courts, judges,
our_ laws can_ fail
to deliver true justice.
At those times, it falls to us
in the executive branch
to pick up the slack, as it were.
As I recall, you started
this conversation
by saying you planned
to get "right to it."
_Violence in Chinatown
IS an ongOIng problem.
When it spills out of Chinatown,
that is something
we cannot tolerate.
The mayor would like
to send a message.
And, uh,
does the mayor have
any particular venue in mind?
All right, then.
Leeds! Where the hell is Bill?
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(MAN 1 YELLING)
(GROANING)
(ALL GRUNTING)
(MAN 2 WHIMPERING)
We ask for killers,
and this is what we get.
Hmm.
(PEOPLE CHA'I'I'ERING INDISTINCT LY)
YOUNG JUN: Go easy, man.
This shit kicks.
What's in this?
It's just a kiss of molasses.
I only roll them
on special occasions,
the occasion here being
the major up-fuckery
my father laid on you last night.
Mine was worse, you know.
Broke two bones
in his own hands
skinning me in.
Fucking hell.
He didn't want _to show
any favoritism.
You know you can trust me, right?
I know.
Good.
'Cause I'm smarter than I look.
Well, you'd have to be.
- Fuck Off, you dog cunt.
-(LAUGHING)
(CHATTER CONTINUES)
Why are you here?
And don't tell me
it's for the chop.
A guy who can scrap like you
doesn't need
to cross the salt to get paid.
I came to find someone.
The girl.
I knew it!
(LAUGHS)
Well, now, I can't have
you fucking Off every time
- I turn around...
- She's dead.
(SIGHS) She's dead.
Yeah.
You cross the salt.
She ends up dead.
Now you're skinned in.
Sucks for you.
I don't know, uh...
I've been on my own for a while,
so it's kind of good to know
someone has my back.
That's the spirit.
Works both ways, you know.
What?
Trust.
I need to know I can trust you.
You can.
Uh, this shit is making me woozy.
I'm gonna go walk it off.
Sure.
Just don't go disappearing
on me again.
CHAO: I think you're really
gonna like this.
I'm not here to shop.
But you are here,
so just take a look.
See that?
Now, suppose you find yourself
in a tight spot.
Bang.
(CHUCKLES)
You learn fast.
I'll give you a good price.
Stop trying to sell me.
I came here to talk to you
about the Fung Hai.
Fung Hai?
I need you to set a meeting.
(SIGHS)
Fung Hai.
Now, look...
I know you need
new scissor boys
to help round things out,
and I can help you with that.
- But the Fung Hai...
- Chao.
You know, they built
the Great Wall
to keep out savages
like the Fung Hai.
Trust me, no good will come
from dealing with them.
And if I'd come for your advice,
I'm sure I'd love the debate,
but I didn't.
See, what I did do was ask you
to set a meeting.
SO you can say yes
and earn your fee
and my gratitude,
or you can say no
and earn neither.
Sure. Okay.
As soon as possible, please.
(SIGHS)
-(DOOR CLOSES)
- LUCY: See for yourself.
He's a mess.
Came home at dawn beaten
half to death by coolies.
O'HARA: I already told you,
they fared much worse
by the time it was over.
I was caught by surprise,
that's all.
LUCY: The only surprise here
is that you're still alive
to lie about it.
And right about now,
I'm wishing I wasn't.
God, somebodyjumped on you
with all four feet, didn't they?
You'd think the head
of a squad wouldn't work
-the night shift.
- Quit your badgering.
I said I'm fine.
Yes, you say a lot of things, Bill.
And you?
Why weren't you there with him?
Leave him alone!
He's had three night shifts this week!
Sorry, Mr. Lee, I just think
it's unconscionable,
sending him into that place
alone at night.
Believe me, Mrs. O'Hara,
you're preaching to the choir.
We've spoken to the chief
about doubling up on shifts,
but as I'm sure you know,
when it comes to budgets,
the city's as tight
as a fiddle string.
As they say,
"Too poor to paint,
"too proud to whitewash." (CHUCKLES)
(BABY COOING IN ANOTHER ROOM)
Oh, uh...
Is that coffee I smell brewing?
Because Lord Almighty,
I could sure use a cup.
I'll go pour you one.
Much obliged, ma'am.
Jesusfuck!
(GROANS)
Can you help me with my socks?
I can't...
What you waiting for?
(SIGHS)
(WINCING) Hey.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
I thought Stone was on
the graveyard shift last night.
Well, that is some solid
fucking detective work, Lee.
Just help me with my boots.
Double-knot the laces
and shut the fuck up.
MAN: I'm gonna pick that up
before we head back.
(PEOPLE CHA'I'I'ERING INDISTINCT LY)
AH SAHM: Where are we going?
JACOB: Where do you think?
- Is it far?
- You could always turn around.
I'm sorry, do you have
some kind of problem
with me, Jacob?
I've seen a lot more
of the pond than you,
so listen to me when I say
no good will come
from following me.
Get me?
But she sent you for me.
I can tell her you told me
to fuck off.
Are you worried about her,
or yourself?
Doesn't matter.
Ends badly for all of us.
I appreciate your concern,
Jacob,
but I think I'll just see
what your duck lady has to say.
(CHATTER CONTINUES)
MISS CARLSON: Afternoon, Mr. Buckley.
Miss Carlson.
Where is he?
God damn it.
(WOMEN MOANING)
- Buckley!
-(GAsPs)
What the hell
are you doing here?
San Francisco
Police Department.
Nobody move.
(CATS MEOWING IN THE DISTANCE)
All right.
Let's see which of these fuckers
can actually stand.
All right, let's go.
On your feet.
- Get the fuck out of my way.
-(OFFICERS SPEAKING INDISTINCT LY)
OFFICER 1: Wakey-wakey!
OFFICER 2: All right, rise and shine,
you fucking degenerates.
BLAKE: Come on.
(INDISTINCT SPEAKING CONTINUES)
- Mr. Mayor.
- Sergeant.
O'HARAI Lee.
FLANNAGAN: The whores are upstairs.
I want every slant-eyed john
you can get your hands on.
You, you. Get out of here.
MAN: What the hell's going on?
Keep moving,
you won't have to find out.
(MAN GROANING)
- Move the slants to the wagon.
-(METAL SCRAPES)
Yeah? You want to play?
(COCKS PISTOL)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(CHATTER STOPS)
OFFICER 3: Oh, Jesus.
What are you waiting for?
OFFICER 4: Come on. Never mind that.
OFFICER 5: DO as I say and...
OFFICER 4: Move along, move along.
- Come on.
-(ALL SPEAKING INDISTINCT LY)
You want to pull a hatchet
on me, do you?
(ZIPPER RATrLING)
(MAN SPEAKING CANTONESE)
O'HARA: Get out here, pervert!
- Ow!
- Are you all right?
OFFICER 6: Just make yourself useful,
will you?
- Hey!
- Police!
Hey!
(MAN EXCLAIMING)
(OBJECTS CLATTER AND CRASH)
(GRU NTS)
Nice of you to show up.
What happened here?
He drew on me.
I almost pissed
my fucking pants.
(ALL LAUGHING)
OFFICER 7: Get the rest
of these chinks in the wagon
and let's get
the fuck out of here.
AH TOY: What is meaning of this?
O'HARA: You're Ah Toy.
(OFFICERS SPEAKING INDISTINCT LY)
You know me.
Everyone knows you.
I have orders
to shut you down,
and I'm placing you
under arrest.
Arrest?
What for?
You're running a brothel.
Brothel?
NO.
This a boarding house.
These are good girls.
(CHUCKLES)
You can tell that to the judge.
It would be better
if we were friends, no?
Ff lends,huh?
Early gift for Chinese New Year.
Should we take her in too?
Nah.
I think we're done here.
Thank you for your cooperation, ma'am.
(PEOPLE CHA'I'I'ERING INDISTINCT LY)
You got something
you want to say?
Nope, nothing I want to say.
Look, I don't know what
you think you saw in there...
Yeah, I don't think anything.
You preachy little shit!
You think taking
a little money here
is the problem?
Open your fucking eyes.
This whole bust is the problem.
You, me, the goddamn chinks,
the Chinatown squad,
we're all just pawns
in someone else's game,
so sue me if I'm getting
my back scratched
before they stick
a fucking knife in it!
What about right and wrong?
-"Right and wrong."
-Mmm.
Why are you even here, Lee?
What?
Well, I presume they've got
plenty of criminals in Savannah.
Why does a Southern boy like you
have to come all the way
out here where nobody knows
who the fuck you are
to become a cop?
I'll tell you what.
You stay the fuck out
of my business,
and I'll stay
the fuck out of yours.
(KNOCKING AT DOOR)
(DOOR OPENS)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
Anything else, missus?
NO, thank you, Jacob.
That will be all.
Does everyone in America
have two homes?
My father owns the building.
Why'd you send Jacob for me?
Why did you come?
Curious, I guess.
Ijust...
I regretted our last meeting.
I want you to know
I'm not like that.
Like what?
I don't know, I just thought
I should apologize.
That was a terrible apology.
Would you like some tea?
Sure.
You painted all of these?
Yeah.
SO, you said
your grandfather was American.
Ah.
He was a sea captain.
He sailed the trade routes
for a tea company.
One year he, uh, he got sick.
He couldn't make the trip
back home to America.
The Chinese merchants
put him up with a young nurse
who cared for him
through the winter.
They fell in love and moved
to a small farm.
My grandmother died
when I was a baby,
but my grandfather lived
on the farm with us
until he passed
when I was about 13...
Taught my sister and me
Enghsh,
filled our heads with stories
about America.
(GROANS)
SO that's why you wanted
to come to America.
I didn't want to come.
Then why did you?
I've never shown those
to anyone before.
Why not?
NO one's ever been here
before you.
Well, uh...
I'm honored.
You should be.
(PAPER RUSTLING)
SO why did you really come?
To America?
Here.
(SIGHS) For the same reason
you asked me to.
I don't know why
I asked you to.
I think you do.
You're very sure of yourself.
It's a problem.
(INHALES SHARPLY)
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
(PENELOPE MOANING)
(KISSES)
(MAI LING SLU RPS)
(SIGHS)
(CRUNCHING)
Thank you for agreeing
to meet with us.
We have great respect
for what the Fung Hai
have accomplished
in your territory,
and we have
a prOpOSItion for you.
I don't like when
these bitches talk so much.
You like it when
they talk so much?
Perhaps you should listen.
The Fung Hai don't need
help from anyone,
especially not some tong
that lets their pussy
do the talking.
MAI LING: You know,
I had a feeling that you might
feel this way.
(SCOFFS) The bitch is still talking.
Which is why
I already killed you.
You bitch!
(YELLING)
(ALL GRUNTING)
-(GRUNTING CONTINUES)
-(YELLING CONTINUES)
(SCREAMING)
SO...
I understand you have
a proposition.
(PEOPLE CHA'I'I'ERING INDISTINCT LY)
CHAO: Li Yong.
What the fuck was that?
He was never going to deal.
We made other arrangements.
Without telling me, hmm?
Why would I tell you?
See, ifI set up a meet
and someone doesn't walk out,
that fucks with my reputation.
And if we had told you,
would you have done it?
I definitely would have
charged more.
Li Yong.
The Fung Hai?
A means to an end.
Maybe.
But whose end?
DRIVER: Hup.
PE/VEL OPE: Where did you learn
to fight hire that?
All Chinese people
can fight like that.
(enemas)
- Really?
-(CHUCKLES)
(SOFTLY) NO.
But you're...
A highbinder...
A gang enforcer.
That doesn't seem like you.
I didn't have
a lot of Options
when I got Off the boat.
Joining the Hop Wei
was the best shot
at finding my sister.
Your sister?
Turns out she didn't want
to be found.
I married my husband
to save my father's company.
My mother died
when I was little,
so I practically raised
my sisters,
and when the business
started to fail...
Well, I couldn't just let
that happen to them.
The Blakes are one
of the wealthiest families
in San Francisco,
and Samuel was the mayor.
He was a friend of my father's,
and he visited a lot
after my mother died.
He always had a smile
and a hard candy for me.
And as I got Older,
his smile changed.
It became something else.
But that city contract
was all that stood
between my family
and financial ruin.
I don't remember exactly
when I made the decision,
but one day I just...
smiled back.
I guess...
I sold myself
the same way you did.
Doesn't suit you.
Being owned.
I don't think
it suits either of us.
OFFICER 1: Come on, you're next.
(PEOPLE CHA'I'I'ERING INDISTINCT LY)
BUCKLEY: As you write your stories,
you may want to note
that this raid will be
the first of many
as part of the mayor's
aggressive Chinatown initiative.
NO, you're perfectly safe,
gentlemen.
There's no need for concern.
(GRU NTS)
OFFICER 2: Look better after this.
OFFICER 3: Stay still.
BLAKE: Gentlemen.
BUCKLEY: Mr. Mayor.
Well, it looks like
we're making some progress.
BUCKLEY: NOW. ..
Keep your eye on the ones
in the black suits.
That is the uniform
of the Chinese gangsters.
These are the most
hardened criminals in China.
That's who's coming over here.
A land of laws and grace
like the United States
is all too vulnerable
to this foreign criminal element.
We've got to harden
our hearts, gentlemen.
- You can print that.
- BUCKLEY: Oh, wait.
Wait, hold on.
Let's get a picture.
Chief Flannagan, let's get
all of your men together.
The whole Chinatown squad.
I want to document
the good work you're dOing here.
Bill, McLeod, Harrison,
Stone, come here.
MI'. Mayor?
We just fought a war
to save America.
We're not gonna turn around
and hand it over
to the Chinese.
We need to send these boys
back where they came from.
Well, you keep
cutting off their hair,
they won't be able to go back.
Shut up,Lee.
What was that, Officer?
It's the law in China,
Mr. Buckley.
By decree of the Emperor,
all men are required
to wear those braided queues.
He doesn't mean anything
by it, sir.
Officer Lee is just a bit
of a history buff, that's all.
- Lee, is it?
- Yes, sir.
Get in the picture, Officer Lee.
Uh, no, thank you, sir.
I don't really like having
my picture taken.
Get in the fucking picture, Lee.
OFFICER 41 Hold still.
FLANNAGAN: Been meaning to ask you.
What the hell happened
to your face?
Long story.
It's one I probably
don't want to hear.
Probably not.
All right,
everybody stand still.
Nobody move.
BUCKLE Y: Exotic diseases
from the Orient
Chinese gang violence
that's spilling
into white neighborhoods.
Sandlots full
of unemployed Americans.
It may feel local today,
but if it goes unchecked,
the yellow peril will spread
across the country
like a plague.
The Penny Press is an easier sell,
and their circulation
is substantial.
But I understand
why you would think
that the Associated Press
should be covering this story.
"The Chinese Assault
on American Values."
That's your headline.
(PEOPLE CHA'I'I'ERING INDISTINCT LY)
MAI LING: Would you just get in,
please?
Thanks for the ride.
(SIGHS)
Fancy.
You know,
everyone always said
you were a kung fu prodigy.
I think your real genius
is finding ways
to screw up my life.
Aw, it's good to see you too.
You just got here,
and already
you've joined my enemies,
gotten yourself arrested.
Not only are you fucking
a white lady,
you're fucking
the mayor's wife.
What are you going to do
next week?
Well, when you put it
like that...
I told you to leave.
Oh, and I was going to,
but then I remembered
you're not my boss.
Do you really think Father
would have wanted you
_ to cross the salt_
just to get yourself killed?
He'd want you rotting away
in a duck prison?
Oh, thanks, by the way,
for getting me out.
That was great.
Really saved my ass.
As usual.
I'm gonna do it
one final time.
I'm sending you home.
Come with me.
Ah Sahm...
I'm never going back.
I'm nobody in China...
- No, I'm not going without you.
- And you're nobody here.
There is going to be a war
between the tongs...
and if you're on
the wrong side,
I won't hesitate.
I can't.
Your boat leaves tomorrow.
You were right.
What?
I should never have let you
marry Sun Yang to save me.
I should have fought
to save you.
I'm not gonna make
that mistake again.
Oops.
(WHEELS RATI'LING LOUDLY)
(DOOR OPENS)
I figured you'd be home
and in bed by now.
Come and talk to me
when you've got four kids.
I thought it was five?
Fuck me.
I keep forgetting Ethan.
He's my favorite too.
You want a drink?
Or don't you drink anymore?
You_ left all that behind
in Georgia too?
On the contrary,
I'm the only hell
my mama ever raised.
Well, come on, then.
Two.
Well, let's go. Out with it.
With what?
Oh, I don't know. (SIGHS)
But it's always something with you.
Right, well, um...
I guess I just wanted
to apologize.
Well, this sounds promising.
You are the superior Officer,
and you know the streets
better than I do.
I shouldn't be questioning you.
You're damn right about that.
You're a strange bird, Lee.
How's that?
Well, for starters,
most cops don't dig around
in the guts of dead men.
Well...
I spent my whole life
on a farm.
Cows start dying,
you gotta look inside,
see what's killing them.
People aren't animals.
Aren't we?
We've just got these
bigger brains that trick us
into thinking
we're something else.
Here you are.
Put it on my tab.
Look, you're a good kid,
and you're gonna be a fine cop.
And I should know.
I used to be one.
One of these days,
we'll get ourselves reassigned
out of Chinatown
and we'll go Off and do
some real police work.
All right?
Sounds good, Sergeant.
But until then,
you keep your head down.
You do what you have to
to survive.
This Chinatown beat,
there's about 100 different
ways it can bury you,
on both sides of the line.
Do you understand?
I do.
NO, you don't.
Not yet.
But you will.
(MEN YELLING IN THE DISTANCE)
I'm sorry to leave you
before you finish your drink,
but I've got an appointment.
MAN: Here we go.
We're gonna do black,
all right?
Deal me in.
You know Fitz says
I can't give you
any more markers, Bill.
The buy-in is $10.
Here's 30.